Pass over the release candidate version of the spec (#72)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee: specification/refarch.adoc

to isolate supervisor domain memory. In this deployment model,
TEE and TVM address spaces are identified by supervisor domain identifiers
(Smsdid) to maintain the isolation during access and in internal
address translation caches, e.g., Hart TLB lookup may be extended with the
SDID in addition to the ASID, VMID for workloads in the Confidential supervisor
domain. TVM memory isolation must support sparse memory management

> models and architectural page-sizes of 4KB, 64K, 2MB, 1GB (and optionally

Author: Should 64K be 64KB? Is there RISC-V MMU spec for 64KB pages?

Reviewer: yes 64KB - RISC-V priv ISA with Svnapot supports 64KB pages

> models and architectural page-sizes of 4KB, 64K, 2MB, 1GB (and optionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
models and architectural page-sizes of 4KB, 64KB (with Svnapot), 2MB, 1GB (and optionally
```

512GB). 

> % Should 64K be 64KB? Is there RISC-V MMU spec for 64KB pages?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
